wavin flag
K Naan
lyric by: Tyo
Ooooooh Wooooooh
Give me freedom, give me fire,
give me reason, take me higher
See the champions, take the field now,
you define us, make us feel proud
In the streets our heads are lifting,
as we lose our inhibition,
Celebration its around us,
every nations,
all around us
Singing forever young,
singing songs underneath that sun
Lets rejoice in the beautiful game.
And together at the end of the day.
WE ALL SAY
When I get older I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
When I get older I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom
Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
Oooooooooooooh woooooooooohh hohoho
Give you freedom, give you fire,
give you reason, take you higher
See the champions, take the field now,
you define us, make us feel proud
In the streets our heads are lifting,
as we lose our inhibition,
Celebration, its around us,
every nations, all around us
Singing forever young,
singing songs underneath that sun
Lets rejoice in the beautiful game.
And together at the end of the day.
WE ALL SAY
When I get older, I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom
Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
When I get older I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom
Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
Wooooooooo Ohohohoooooooo !
WE ALL SAY !
When I get older I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom
Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
When I get older I will be stronger
They’ll call me freedom
Just like a wavin’ flag
And then it goes back
And then it goes
Wooo hooooo hohohohoooooo
And everybody will be singing it
Wooooooooo ohohohooooo
And we are all singing it……!